Use PID to assign rainbow colors to console output prefixes. (#26900)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/ray-logging.rst

    (MyActor(index=2) pid=482120) hello there
    (MyActor(index=1) pid=482119) hello there

> Coloring Actor logs prefixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Coloring Actor log prefixes
```

Reviewer: Hi, I'm offering some unsolicited editing to try to be helpful. Not sure if this changes the meaning, but typically, when a noun is used as an adjective, it is singular, not plural.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> By default Ray prints Actor logs prefixes in light blue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Ray prints Actor log prefixes in light blue:
```

> Users may instead activate colored prefixes by setting the environment variable ``RAY_COLOR_PREFIX=1``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can activate colored prefixes by setting the environment variable ``RAY_COLOR_PREFIX=1``:
```

How to set up loggers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> When using ray, all of the tasks and actors are executed remotely in Ray's worker processes. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Ray, all tasks and actors are executed remotely in Ray's worker processes. 
```
